So now let's talk about
Macie Advanced Concepts.
The first one is around data identifiers.
So this is the structure that allows you to analyze
and identify sensitive data in your S3 buckets.
So there are some managed data identifiers that you can get
from AWS, and they're designed to detect
specific types of sensitive data.
For example, AWS has already created some data identifiers
for credit card numbers, AWS credentials, and bank accounts.
But, of course, you can define
your own custom data identifiers in AWS.
So you'll refine what you want,
and then you can specify using a regular expression,
or some keywords, or some proximity rules.
For example, you want to say that the employee's ID
internally of your company should be detected by Macie
in your S3 buckets or your customer account numbers.
And so, how does that work?
Well, in Macie you're going to create
a custom data identifier for your employee ID, for example,
and this is the Regex I have for it.
And then, using Macie, you're going to analyze
that data on your S3 buckets,
and then Macie will return any sensitive data
that has been detected based on your custom data identifier.
And these two IDs are shown on the diagram
on the right-hand side.
Do match the Regex I have provided in the blue box.
So, also, you can use Allow List
to define a text patterns to ignore.
So, for example, if there are some public phone numbers
and you don't want them to be detected by Macie,
you can define them as an Allow List.
So Macie has findings, and findings are a report
of a potential issue or a sensitive data
that Macie has found.
And you have severity rating, effective resources,
as well as a timestamp.
Out of this, you get the sensitive data discovery results,
which is a record that logs the details
about the analysis of a specific S3 object.
And you can configure Macie to store all these results
in S3, and then you can query them in bulk using Athena.
Next, you can define suppression rules to, basically,
archive findings automatically based on some filter.
All the findings in Macie are stored for 90 days,
and you can review them using the AWS Console,
the EventBridge service,
or they will be sent directly into the Security Hub.
So finding types can be related to policies.
For example, there is a policy evaluation
regarding the security of your S3 buckets.
For example, the default encryption is disabled
or your bucket is public.
So this is the kind of findings that could come up.
And these changes are detected only after you enable Macie.
You can also have sensitive data findings.
So this is where sensitive data has been found
on your S3 buckets based on your data identifiers.
So it could be credentials, private keys,
financials, such as credit card numbers.
And this is the kind of finding that would be created.
And if you have created a custom data identifier,
it will have a custom identifier in the finding itself.
Finally, Macie is compatible with multi-account strategy.
So you can manage multiple accounts through an organization.
You'll have administrator accounts and then member accounts.
And then this is the same as other services.
So you invite through Macie, and it supports
the delegated administrative feature of an organization.
Now admin accounts can add and remove member accounts,
and they will have access to S3-sensitive data
and settings for all accounts, so it's quite powerful.
And you can also manage the Automated Sensitive
Data Discovery and you can run Data Discovery jobs.
It can manage, also, data identifiers at scale
as well as findings.
So this is the same kind of graph. You've seen it before.
Just remember that Macie has the possibility
to have a delegated administrator account
in your organization.
That is not the main account of your organization.
Alright, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.